Clarify fullscreen behavior with resizable/setResizable API (#7)
ivansandrk/additional-windowing-controls: awc-explainer.md

A new `window.setResizable(bool)` async API asks the user agent to set whether users can resize the provided window object. It returns a Promise which is successfully resolved, or is rejected if there was an error (lack of permission). This allows VDI client applications to request that local windows match the behavior of the remote window.

This API requests that the user agent prevent resize drag handles on top-level windows, and it has no effect on iframe windows. Maximize is prevented, but minimize and restore still work as expected. Not all resizes can be prevented (e.g. window being moved to another display with a size smaller than the window) and it’s ultimately the client app's responsibility to handle such cases.

> While user-initiated attempts to enter fullscreen are prevented, applications can still utilize the [Fullscreen API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fullscreen_API) (sc. `Element.requestFullscreen()`)  to request fullscreen programmatically. To prevent script-initiated fullscreen requests, developers can override `Element.prototype.requestFullscreen`, set an [HTTP `fullscreen` permission-policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy/fullscreen) or use the [FullscreenAllowed](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/#FullscreenAllowed) enterprise policy for managed sessions.

Reviewer: I'm not familiar with "sc."; consider replacing with `i.e.` or similar

```suggestion
While user-initiated attempts to enter fullscreen are prevented, applications can still utilize the [Fullscreen API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fullscreen_API) (i.e. `Element.requestFullscreen()`)  to request fullscreen programmatically. To prevent script-initiated fullscreen requests, developers can override `Element.prototype.requestFullscreen`, set an [HTTP `fullscreen` permission-policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Permissions-Policy/fullscreen) or use the [FullscreenAllowed](https://chromeenterprise.google/policies/#FullscreenAllowed) enterprise policy for managed sessions.
```
